I'm going to record a video for the
details of this bike a 55 year network
You'll get a good idea of what it was.
put on this bike
here we have 900 lines all new
zero was restored 00
right from the 200 hp dc original in this
made for leozinho 10 180 0 14 0
the short-cut button on the y
quick paint paintings galley was up to
painting is not decisive and painting
painting is a tank thing
the lateral is made fifth
if he does not want to leave prepared as the
34 million kaburé china and khune haver
force 4 x cap d nox motorzinho
Pintadinho painting of the damper that
gave result
everything goes to parliament and runs
means that 10 in relation to the
new golden chain
what I see golden
register 360 and that in 180
There you go, guys, to see that the motorcycle 00
there I did with heart and passion
for 10 all base alex sandro bullet stay
from the heart even though I like
since child short that easy games logo
There will be more news there, I'll make 99
to be beautiful also deserves 16 years with
she in that galley was worth